Updated MS investment landing page (#7927)
mattermost/docs: source/about/on-prem-skype-for-business-replacement.rst

Mattermost offers a purpose-built, on-premises collaboration platform designed to address these unique requirements. With robust support for private, air-gapped environments and tightly controlled external communications, Mattermost empowers organizations to maintain operational continuity while meeting the demands of high-security environments.

Use cases
-------------

Air-gapped operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Looking for a communication solution that eliminates reliance on external cloud providers while ensuring complete control over sensitive data and secure collaboration within their infrastructure? Mattermost provides a secure, on-premises platform that meets these needs, enabling organizations to maintain operational continuity and data sovereignty in fully disconnected environments.

- **Secure Workflows Tailored for Air-Gapped Environments**: Enable private messaging, file sharing, and collaboration features like audio calls and screen sharing—all operating securely in fully air-gapped infrastructures.

> - **FIPS 140-2 Compliance**: Deploy securely with FIPS 140-2 validated images that comply with NIST 800-53 and FedRAMP standards, ensuring the platform is fit for handling classified or sensitive data.

Reviewer: We can probably combine FIPS and STIG to one overview benefit. We should list the specific features similarly to how we did the other page - "Explore the possibilities"

- **STIG-Hardened Deployments**: Run Mattermost within environments hardened to DISA Security Technical Implementation Guidelines (STIG) to meet the strictest security and compliance requirements.

- **Scalable On-Premises Architecture**: Build a collaboration environment that scales across tens of thousands of users without compromising data privacy or productivity in disconnected networks.

> Enterprise-controlled external collaboration

Reviewer: Let's make these bullet points benefits instead of features. We can do features below in a full list.

Mattermost provides a secure, self-hosted communication and collaboration platform purpose-built for air-gapped environments, classified networks, and regulated industries. Designed to meet NIST 800-53, FedRAMP, and DISA STIG compliance requirements, Mattermost replaces legacy tools with modern capabilities—secure messaging, file sharing, workflow automation, and integrated video collaboration—while maintaining full enterprise control. Organizations can operate at scale, enable external collaboration without policy violations, and modernize their digital workflows without compromising security.

The following mission-ready collaboration capabilities are available: 

Air-Gapped and Classified Operations
------------------------------------

Organizations operating in fully disconnected or classified environments require secure communication platforms that function entirely within their own infrastructure.

**Benefits**

> - **Ensure secure communication in fully disconnected networks** using Mattermost’s support for private on-premise deployments, including FIPS 140-2 validated and DISA STIG-hardened container images.

Reviewer: Could link to deployment guide or [reference architecture overview](https://docs.mattermost.com/deploy/application-architecture.html)

> - **Maintain operational continuity with enterprise-grade collaboration tools**—including :doc:`1:1 audio calls </collaborate/make-calls>`, :ref:`screen sharing <collaborate/make-calls:share your screen>`, :doc:`threaded messaging </collaborate/organize-conversations>`, and :doc:`file sharing </collaborate/share-files-in-messages>`—entirely within air-gapped systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Maintain operational continuity with enterprise-grade channel-based collaboration**—including :doc:`1:1 audio calls </collaborate/make-calls>`, :ref:`screen sharing <collaborate/make-calls:share your screen>`, :doc:`threaded messaging </collaborate/organize-conversations>`, and :doc:`file sharing </collaborate/share-files-in-messages>`—entirely within air-gapped systems.
```

Reviewer: Can we get a link to Channel overview?

- **Preserve data sovereignty and eliminate external dependencies** with a self-hosted :doc:`Kubernetes deployment model </deploy/server/deploy-kubernetes>` that integrates into classified networks or sovereign data centers.

Modernize Secure Collaboration Workflows
------------------------------------------

Legacy communication tools lack the flexibility, automation, and usability demanded by modern operational teams. Mattermost introduces modern collaboration workflows without compromising compliance or deployment control.

**Benefits**

- **Enable dynamic, cross-platform messaging and coordination** with a unified interface across web, desktop, and mobile—featuring :doc:`threaded discussions </collaborate/organize-conversations>`, :ref:`file previews <collaborate/share-files-in-messages:preview file attachments>`, and :ref:`screen sharing <collaborate/make-calls:share your screen>`.
- **Streamline mission-critical processes** with :doc:`Collaborative Playbooks </guides/repeatable-processes>` that automate and track workflows like incident response, shift turnover, and logistics planning.

> - **Embed secure video conferencing into daily operations** using Pexip integration, allowing real-time video engagement from within your air-gapped or secure infrastructure.

Reviewer: We should add docs; can be task for a later date, and add this link for now: https://mattermost.com/marketplace/pexip-video-connect/

Author: Also logged https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/CX-244 to capture the existing docs gap.

> - **Support operational task management** through optional Kanban-style Boards for structured, accountable planning—hosted securely within your own network.

Reviewer: Should add docs back for this.

Author: Logged https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/CX-245 to capture this docs gap.

Author: Also logged https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/CX-246 to capture the need to move the docs from Focalboard to Boards GH repo.

- **Align the user experience with your operational identity** using :doc:`custom branding </configure/custom-branding-tools>`, :doc:`theming </preferences/customize-your-theme>`, and :ref:`product localization <preferences/manage-your-display-options:language>` across more than 20 languages to support multinational teams.

Enterprise-Controlled External Collaboration
--------------------------------------------

Collaborating across organizational boundaries must not compromise compliance or IT governance. Mattermost enables secure external engagement while keeping control centralized within the enterprise.

**Benefits**

- **Collaborate securely with third parties** via Connected Workspaces that allow messaging, :doc:`file sharing </collaborate/share-files-in-messages>`, and :doc:`thread-based discussions </collaborate/organize-conversations>` with external teams—without exposing internal systems.

> - **Apply fine-grained access controls and retention policies** to external users through enterprise-managed :doc:`permissions </onboard/advanced-permissions>`, :ref:`audit logging <manage/logging:audit logging (beta)>`, and channel-specific configurations.

Reviewer: Can be channel moderation/permissions
